Duan Xiao Jian
Su Man
Why are you here?
There’s someone in prison
Someone hidden at home
And now you're sneaking around with someone else outside
You’re never satisfied, are you?
Was it really necessary to sleep with a guest
on the day of the shoot?
The show\...
Even turned off your phone
Afraid I’d interrupt you two, huh?
It’s not that
Su Man, listen to me
I...
I just wanted to take a bath
I don’t know why I fell asleep here
I swear
I don’t know anything
I swear to you
I’ve seen that woman’s face a hundred times already
I’m sick of it
Why would I
look at her a second time?
Really?
Really
I swear
Everything I’ve done
was for work
Then why won’t you marry me?
Who said I wouldn’t?
Cherish the happiness you have now
Husband
Hello, Director
This is Qi Luo speaking
I can participate in the next episode
But...
I don’t want it to be pre-recorded
I want it to be live
She’s here, Ms. Ye has arrived
Ms. Ye has always been very private
Why did you decide to join
this interview show this time?
This is your first public appearance
Is there anything
you’d like to say to the viewers?
Everyone, please
tune in to the live broadcast on time
That’s Ye Qi Luo
Who are you?
What are you sneaking around the door for?